**Title:** A freely available Big Data dataset of lucid and non-lucid dream reports

**Authors:** Remington Mallett

**Summary:** This poster describes the details of a novel dataset that includes thousands of lucid and non-lucid dream reports. An emphasis will be placed on how it can be used by others for future research.

**Abstract:** Lucid dreams are increasingly promoted for their potential benefits, yet there are still many unknowns about the variety of lucid dream experiences. One reason for this limitation is the difficulty in obtaining reports of lucid dream experience. Unlike non-lucid dream reports, which are easy to obtain, lucid dream reports are difficult to collect and analyze because lucid dreams occur relatively infrequently. Thus, most studies that do investigate lucid dream reports are limited to small sample sizes that prevent strong inferences. To overcome this limitation, we aggregated tens of thousands of dream reports from publicly viewable online dream journals, many of which were explicitly labeled as lucid/non-lucid by the author. We present here a detailed characterization of this dataset, including user demographics and sample sizes. Critically, we show that lucid dream reports in this dataset contain disproportionately high amounts of cognitive processing and agency words, suggesting they contain defining features of lucid dreams. This last step validates this dataset for future use in exploring novel findings about lucid dreams. This dataset (and the code to generate it) are freely available for others to use for their own investigations.